JP-3223: Extract_2d 'slit_name' parameter fails for NRS_MSASPEC slits (#8272)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Added a hook to bypass the ``extract_1d`` step for NIRISS SOSS data in 
  the FULL subarray with warning. [#8225]

extract_2d
----------

> - Fixed crash when user provides slit_name, and value is a string. This
>   change had been done in PR8108 but it got undone by another PR. [#8272]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed crash when user provides an integer value for the `slit_name` argument,
  by converting to a string. This change had been done in #8108, but it got undone
  by another PR. [#8272]
```
